Add `scatter_coord` method to `wcsaxes` (#13175)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/visualization/13175.feature.rst

> Add a ``scatter_coord`` method to the ``wcsaxes`` functionality based on the
> existing ``plot_coord`` method but that calls ``matplotlib.pyplot.scatter``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a ``scatter_coord`` method to ``wcsaxes`` based on the
existing ``plot_coord`` method that calls ``matplotlib.Axes.scatter``.
```
